=Reincarnated Love=
=Episode 11=
Sign this divorce letter.
Things are over between us.
(Divorce Letter)
Ruoli, I...
Huo Linchuan,
do you still remember
the pact between us?
You change my fated death;
I protect your family.
And what happened?
♪Two swallows nest upon the beam♪
♪Bringing fresh mud for the home♪
I broke my word.
♪Gazing afar at the roadside
that I once knew♪
♪Lush grass swayed in abundance♪
Between us,
everything was wrong
from the very start.
Now,
we are
completely even.
Perfect.
Ruoli.
Let go of me.
♪That same gentle smile♪
♪Each hides a trace of familiarity♪
♪Let passions pour freely♪
♪How much do you truly know♪
♪I gift you a sprig of jasmine♪
♪May we never part,
bound from dawn to dusk♪
♪Who'd think parting comes so easily♪
Have you truly
made up your mind?
♪You always cheer me up♪
Yes.
♪Falling into dreams,
this feeling lingers♪
Mr. Huo.
Mr. Huo,
bad news.
Someone spread false orders.
They pretended it was for the Duke
and took all our men
from the Jiang Mansion.
Our brothers were all caught
in an ambush on the outskirts.
Send people to protect
Jiang Ruoli at once.
If anything happens to her,
all of you will pay for it.
Yes.
(Jiang Mansion)
Isn't this Lady Ruoli?
Why has she moved back?
Did Mr. Huo divorce her?
Oh.
Isn't this Mrs. Huo?
Were you kicked out?
Why?
Your husband abandoned you
right after your parents died?
Stop pretending to be so noble.
You're just a discarded wife.
How dare you come back?
If I were you,
I would've ended it long ago.
Get out.
Don't be upset.
(Invitation)
Ruoli,
your parents just died,
and you were kicked out.
Father and I
worried that you're alone,
so we prepared this Spring Banquet,
hoping you could come and relax.
Shut up.
Jiang Ruoli,
you're no longer
the honored Mrs. Huo.
Things have changed.
No one stands with you anymore.
If you insult me again,
you'll never speak in this lifetime.
Jiang Ruoli, you...
How dare you slap me?
You deserved it
for forgetting your place.
Remember this:
As long as I'm still your cousin,
you have no right to speak out of turn.
Get lost.
(Invitation)
My parents just passed away,
yet they rushed to hold a grand feast.
How bold.
(Jiang Mansion)
Wanyue.
Mr. Lu.
- Try this.
- Milady.
Lady Wanyue.
You've arrived as promised.
You didn't let me down.
Where's Yuan?
You came to see Jiang Ruoli?
Is her mood
a bit better now?
She's alright.
Please, come inside.
(Jiang Ruoli, you always want)
(to take everything from me.)
(Fine.)
(Very well.)
(I'll make sure your reputation
is ruined soon.)
The Chancellor has passed away.
Now, Jiang Ruoli...
Let's not speak of it.
After Uncle passed away,
my cousin moved back to live with us.
Mr. Huo hasn't visited even once.
She grieves day and night.
As her cousin,
it pains me to see her like this.
What?
Did the Huo clan abandon her?
Will she still come today?
Do we even need to ask?
The Chancellor is gone;
her husband has cast her out.
Isn't she almost like a stray?
If I were in her place,
I'd hide myself away from everyone.
I can't believe you came.
I was just talking
with the other ladies.
You recently lost your parents
and had a quarrel with Mr. Huo.
If I'd known you'd join us today,
I would've waited to begin
until you arrived.
I heard Lady Ruoli
was sent home
in the middle of the night.
It seems she only brought back
a single handmaid
and two shabby bundles.
Perhaps she's been cast aside.
Left as a widow,
without her husband to rely on,
how will she manage from now on?
Well.
Ruoli,
it was my fault.
Please, don't be upset.
Wanyue, that's not quite right.
Mrs. Huo...
No.
It's Lady Ruoli now.
She still holds a noble status,
always looking down on others.
Even if you care for sisterhood,
I fear...
Wanyue,
did our expensive etiquette nanny
only taught you to gossip
behind others' backs?
How are you any different
from street riffraff?
How dare you insult me?
Now, you're just...
It seems
you forgot the lesson you learned
in the prison last time.
Jiang Ruoli,
as a discarded woman...
Your father
took 100,000 taels
to take care of things
from the military funds, right?
Have you lost your mind?
That mistress your father keeps outside
gave birth to a son, right?
Congratulations.
What?
Everyone,
anyone else who wishes
to discuss their family matters with me?
Shameless woman!
How dare you insult
the daughter
of late the Chancellor?
Ruoli,
are you alright?
I'm fine.
You don't have to carry all this alone.
Just like when we were young,
you can lean on me.
Yunzhou,
please, stop.
We've known each other for years.
In your heart,
am I really only your brother?
You only chose him
to protect Uncle Jiang.
Now that you two have parted,
could you
give me a chance?
Yunzhou,
I haven't avenged my father.
Right now,
I don't wish to discuss anything else.
I understand.
I spoke out of turn.
If you ever need anything,
I'll always be there for you.
Well said.
Yanzhi.
You truly are devoted.
You...
I've always seen you as a brother.
Unless I heard wrong just now,
were you confessing to my wife?
Yuan and I have made things clear.
My care for her
is only because we grew up together.
Now, you accuse me without reason,
casting blame upon me.
Have you thought about her feelings?
If you're just her brother,
why ask her to give you a chance?
That's enough.
Huo Linchuan,
stop accusing others.
What right do you have to question him?
What right do I have?
You are
my one and only wife.
If anyone here
dares speak carelessly
or covet my wife,
they'd be standing against the Huo clan.
Huo Linchuan,
we've divorced.
Please...
Ruoli.
Huo Linchuan.
- Ruoli.
- Huo Linchuan.
Put me down.
Let go.
Let go!
♪The dream shattered♪
♪Like illusion, yet true♪
♪Like a restless soul♪
♪How vague♪
♪Rain and blood, drifting wild♪
♪A blade of frost in dreams♪
♪Love and hate entwined♪
♪Rise and fall, yet never fade♪
♪How can I turn the tides
of this fleeting life♪
♪When fate falls apart♪
♪Memories return,
carving tears upon my face♪
♪Yet I can't hold on♪
♪Only warmth remains
where longing once burned♪
♪Life after life♪
♪Fated to meet, but never meant to be♪
♪Still, I refuse to bow or yield♪
♪In this life, love becomes my blade♪
♪To break free from reincarnation♪
♪All past affairs tangled with regret♪
♪Now shatter apart♪
♪By fate and karmic ties confined♪
♪Is this fate or calamity♪
♪Is it life, death, or parting pain♪
♪I ask only for a moment of peace,
as devout as my heart♪
♪In the next life, grant me one kiss♪
♪To kiss the snow upon the brows,
and the depths of your gaze♪
♪For once we kissed,
destiny bound us to never part♪
♪This fleeting life feels but a dream♪
♪Sober or indulge♪
♪I only wish to be with you,
with all my heart♪